project-2-content-page-2
========================
<!doctype HTML>
<html>
<head>
	<<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css"/>
	<title>project 2 content page 2</title>
<body>
<h1>Steve Wozniak after Apple</h1>
<img
src="http://www.landsnail.com/apple/local/profile/New_Folder/graphics/wozniak.gif"/>
  <p>In 1981 Wozniak left Apple after he was involved in an airplane crash. He
was piloting the Beechcraft Bonanza and as the plane was climbing it bounced
down the runway, and went through two fences and crashed into an embarkement.
Wozniak and his three passengers his fianc, her brother and the brothers
girlfriend were all injured. Wozniak suffered face and head injuries and also
suffered from five weeks from anterograde amnesia. He although regained his
memory through his wifes help, logic, and video games and he was able to
establish new memories. Then he returned again in 1983 to work on product
development and working just as an engineer. He returned to UC Berkley and got
his degree in 1986 in electrical and computer engineering under the name Rocky
Clarke.</p>
  <p>Then in February 6, 1987 Wozniak ended his full time employment with apple
12 years after having created the company. He was also an Apple shareholder
until Jobs death in 2011. Wozniak left Apple because he felt it was the bane of
his existence and it was a distraction for who he wanted to be. In 2013 Wozniak
mentioned about Jobs that the Macintosh failed under Steve Jobs, and that it
wasn't until Jobs left that it became a success. But Jobs did return to Apple
as the leading philanthropist and CEO of Apple. Wozniak founded a new venture
called CL 9 which developed the first programmable universal remote control. In
2001 Wozniak founded Wheels of Zeus (WOZ), to create wireless GPS technology to
"help everyday people find everyday things much more easily." In 2002, he
joined the Board of Directors of Ripcord Networks, Inc., joining Ellen Hancock,
Gil Amelio, Mike Connor, and Wheels of Zeus co-founder Alex Fielding, all Apple
alumni, in a new telecommunications venture. Later the same year he joined the
Board of Directors of Danger, Inc., the maker of the Hip Top (a.k.a. Side Kick
from T-Mobile). That is what Wozniak did after Apple currently as of now he was
appointed distinguished professor of technology in the faculty of engineering
and information technology at the University of Technology in Sydney,
Australia.</p>
</body>
</head>
</html>
